Document when gossips in 'vc-request-with-auth' are needed (#85)
nextleap-project/countermitm: source/new.rst

   b) Otherwise Bob's device sends back
      a 'vc-request-with-auth' encrypted message
      whose encrypted part contains
      Bob's own key fingerprint ``Bob_FP``,
      the second challenge ``AUTH`` from step 1 and
      optionally an Autocrypt-Gossip header for Alice's

>       Autocrypt key if Bob also sends a copy of message
>       to himself. The latter is needed if Bob has
>       multiple devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Autocrypt key in order for a second device of Bob to learn Alice's verified key. 
```
